c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Desktop\DirectoryModules\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Desktop\DirectoryModules\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Desktop\bin\Debug\DirectoryModules\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Desktop\bin\Debug\DirectoryModules\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.PubSubEvents.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\ModuleTracking.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\ModuleTracking.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.xml
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.g.resources
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.dll
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HMS.Desktop\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk\obj\Debug\HMS.Modules.Helpdesk.pdb
